Dear IDA Editor,

We have revised our submission (Ref: T17-236-3583) by carefully
following the comments of the reviewers..

All the changes that we made in the revised version are listed as follows:

> 1. Introduction:
   1) p2, in the first paragraph: traffic congestions -> traffic congestion
   2) p2, in the second paragraph: provide with -> provide explanation services to
   3) p3, the first paragraph: implementations of reasoning algorithms ->
           implementations of the reasoning algorithms
   4) p3, the second paragraph: internal information of reasoning procedure ->
          internal information of the reasoning procedure
   5) p3, the second paragraph: cannot be be used -> cannot be used
   6) p3, the second paragraph: needs single run -> needs a single run
   7) p3, the second paragraph: and do not need to be modified -> and does not need to be modified

> 3. Related Work
   We rewrote the last paragraph of this section (p9) to highlight the deficiencies of
   existing methods and explain what would be proposed as a solution.

> 5. Finding Justifications based on EDG
   p14: holds in the set of classification results -> hold in the set of classification results

> 6. An Optimized Algorithm
   1) The first paragraph titled with ¡°Blocking Conditions¡± was revised by adding two related work      
      (KalyanpurPHS07,BaaderS08) to show how do other researchers work in this domain knowledge,
     and to give the basis that motives us to give blocking conditions.

   2) The first paragraph titled with ¡°Parallelizing EDG construction¡± was revised by adding
     one related work (MaP14) to discuss how to use parallel techniques in the related cases.

> 7. Evaluation and Analysis
   1) We revised the third paragraph (starting with ¡°We used five real ontologies¡­¡±). We use some
      sentences to state that the used test ontologies are commonly used for evaluating ontology
     debugging methods, and that, these ontologies contain no noisy data.
   2) We revised the first paragraph titled with ¡°Evaluation¡±. We added a citation (meng13) to
      specify our sampling method. We use some sentences to discuss why we set 10 minutes as the
      time limit.
   3) We rewrote the paragraph after Figure 4 to clarify the experimental results and the main conclusions.

> 8. Conclusions
   allows us computing -> allows us to compute

> Acknowledgments
   We replaced the old NSFC grant number to a new one ¡°61672153¡±.

> others
   We modified the presentation ¡°a reasoner does not participate in finding justifications¡±
   by ¡°the task of finding justifications is independent from the utilized reasoner¡±.
   This modification occurs in Abstract, Sections 1, 3 and 8.

The above items are all the changes we made.
We deeply appreciate your work on our manuscript.
If there is any problem and query, please contact me at the address below.

Thank you!

Yours sincerely,

Zhangquan


Corresponding author:
Name: Zhangquan Zhou
E-mail: quanzz1129@gmail.com